IDP - Add Confluence plugin docs (#2635)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/plugins/available-plugins/confluence.md

---
title: Confluence Search

> description: Index Confluence pages into IDP to allow you to search them with the IDP Search feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Extend IDP Search to include results from your Confluence pages.
```

Author: done

---

| Plugin details |                                      |
| -------------- |--------------------------------------|
| **Created by** | [K-Phoen](https://github.com/K-Phoen) |
| **Category**   | Search                               |
| **Source**     | [GitHub](https://github.com/K-Phoen/backstage-plugin-confluence/tree/main/plugins/search-confluence-backend)                           |
| **Type**       | Open-source plugin                   |

## Configuration

### Application configuration YAML

This plugin requires a backend configuration to make calls to Confluence with authentication. In the following configuration, replace `<your-org-name>` with the Confluence instance project (for example https://mycompany.atlassian.net). 

> Mention list of spaces as `spaces: [ENG, IT, OPS]` that needs to be searched in IDP and specify username for `<your-username>`. 

Reviewer: @vigneswara-propelo If we leave this empty, will it index all of confluence or none of the spaces? We should clarify.

Also, if omitting the space indexes none of the spaces, we should figure out how can someone enable the plugin for all of their confluence spaces (if it's possible).

Author: Indexing all the spaces is only possible if we mention them in the list. Empty list will not consider any space at all.

Author: done

```yaml
confluence:
  wikiUrl: https://<your-org-name>.atlassian.net/wiki
  spaces: [ENG]
  auth:
    username: <your-username>
    password: ${CONFLUENCE_TOKEN}
```

### Secrets

Since the `CONFLUENCE_TOKEN` variable is used in the application configuration, you must generate a Confluence API key and set it as the value of `CONFLUENCE_TOKEN`. For information about how to generate a API key, go to the [instructions](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/).

### Delegate proxy

> If confluence is self-hosted, ensure that you include the base URL `mycompany.atlassian.net` in this section. If confluence is hosted in public cloud, skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Confluence website is self-hosted or has an IP allow-list , ensure that you include the base URL `mycompany.atlassian.net` in the delegate proxy section. If your confluence is hosted on public cloud and can be accessed directly using a token, skip this section.
```

Author: done

> After adding the host, you can select one or more delegates that have access to the host. If you leave the delegate selectors field empty, it is assumed that all delegates in the account have access to the confluence.

Reviewer 2: Should we exclude this for now?. We have an outstanding issue with this tracked by IDP-883. 
"If you leave the delegate selectors field empty, it is assumed that all delegates in the account have access to the confluence"

Author: done

:::note

When adding the host, include only the host name. Remove the protocol (HTTP/HTTPS) associated with it.

:::

![](./static/confluence-delegate-proxy.png)

## Layout

> This plugin does not export any cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides components that are included in the Search results page. It does not export any components to be used in the layout section of the IDP Admin UI.
```

Author: done
